Document how to configure custom Airflow components for use in pipelines (#2485)
elyra-ai/elyra: docs/source/user_guide/best-practices-custom-pipeline-components.md

### Apache Airflow components

#### Requirements

##### Configure fully qualified package names for custom operator classes

> For Apache Airflow operators imported into Elyra using URL, filesystem, or directory-based component catalogs, Elyra 

Author: ```suggestion
For Apache Airflow operators imported into Elyra using URL, filesystem, or directory-based component catalog connectors, Elyra 
```

must be configured to include information on the fully qualified package names for each custom operator class. This 
configuration is what makes it possible for Elyra to correctly render the import statements for each operator node 
in a given DAG.

If you do not correctly configure an operator package name and try to export or submit a pipeline with custom 
components, Elyra will give you an error message similar to the following:

![Error message requiring configuration](../images/user_guide/best-practices-custom-pipeline-components/config-error-message.png)

As seen above, the operators' fully qualified package names must be added to the `available_airflow_operators` 
variable. This variable has a list value and is a 
[configurable trait](https://medium.com/r/?url=https%3A%2F%2Ftraitlets.readthedocs.io%2Fen%2Fstable%2Fconfig.html) 
in Elyra. To configure `available_airflow_operators`, first create a configuration file from the command line (if 
you do not already have one):

```bash

> $ jupyter elyra --config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ jupyter elyra --generate-config
```
